Marduk the explorer discovered the continent of Halkanar long ages in the past.
When he landed he found there were no humans as indigenous people.
Instead halkanar was primarily settled by dwarves and elves.
At this time there was much wildlife living in Halkanar.
Unicorns were very abundant in Halkanar at this time.
Marduk had decided to build his city on the shores of what is now Marduk Lake.
From here men spread out and settled the cities of Larkon, Solat, Alukrahn, Aljan, Algamar and Talgon.
Men lived in peace with the elves and dwarves and Halkanar grew rich.
This attracted the attention of the dark wizards and they began to come to Halkanar.
The first of these was Caldnar.  He brought many fell monsters with him and conqureed the land.
The elves began to hide themselves in the forests and the dwarves hid under the mountains.
Men having nowhere they could go were enslaved by Caldnar.
Caldnar had a new capital city built it in the Kobold Mountains and built his castle in the Northern Realm.
Caldnar was always surrounded by powerful magic and nobody could defeat him.
He ruled Halkanar with an iron fist for almost 20 years.
When the 2nd of the dark wizards arrived, Elanther.
Elanther was much stronger than Caldnar and it took little effort to destory him.
For all of Elanther's power he appeared to be in constant fear of some greater power.
So he began to build temples all over Halkanar where bizarre rituls were held.
Elanther was constantly looking for a greater power and he believed it was held by the Unicorns.
Therefore the followers of Elanther began to capture the Unicorns and sacrifice them in the temples.
The Unicorns became scarce and the ones that survived fled to a hidden valley to escape Elanther.
Elanther built the complex at Arath Ma Kon and begon working on a powerful magic.
While Elanther was hidden away at Arath Ma Kon, the last and most fearful of the dark wizards arrived, Eshter.
Eshter found Elanther at Arath Ma Kon and they battled for many days before Elanther fled.
He fled to the enchanted lands and used his magic to create the Ring Ridges and placed a magic upon them to hide them.
With his last project interrupted by Esther, Elanther began a new more powerful magic.
Elanther found Adamantite in the Enchanted lands and used it to forge his new magic.
But Eshter had found him before he was ready and battle between them began a new.
Much of Halkanar was laid waste during the war between Eshter and Elanther.
Eventually Eshter defeated Elanther and laid claim to all of Halkanar.
She would rule Halkanar for 4 years before the coming the great white wizard.
He came from somewhere over the sea and gave no name, the people called him Nichor.
Nichor built his base in the northern portion of the Kobold Mountains and began to wage war against Eshter.
Eshter was no match for Nichor and was forced back.
Knowing that she was lost she ensnared the last of the Unicorns and disappeared.
Nobody knows where she went, but they do know that she was not destroyed.
After the disappearence of Eshter, men began to multiply in the land again.
The dangerous monstesr that had plagued the land had hidden themselves away.
At this time the cities of Talfharin, New Solat, Goldville, and Radon were settled.
Through Nichor's aid Halkanar recovered from the ravages of the Dark Wizards.
Peace was again found in Halkanar for many long years.
But now a new darkness is forming and horrors are again walking the earth.
